README.md, before:

# BLyrics :notes: 
```
Building still under construction 
Please do **NOT** enter yet! 
```
Leveraging the Genius api for search and update purposes

A CLI tool for interacting with Genius

## Screeenshots
- 
- 

## API functions include
1. Getting infomation 
   - Songs :sound:
   - Artists :sunglasses:
   - Lyrics :memo:

2. Personal account usage
   - Getting and providing user review on songs
     - Viewing annotations :pushpin:
     - Posting annotations :black_nib:
   - Performing user actions
     - Voting :+1: or :-1:
     - Getting account information :bowtie:
     - Saving prefrences :zap:

## Requirements
1. Python3 
2. Terminal
3. [Requirements](requirements.txt)
4. An open mind

## Usage
1. Clone the repository
```
$ git clone 'https://github.com/BlankGodd/BLyrics.git'

$ cd BLyrics
```

2. Install the dependencies
```
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Run script 
```
$ python3 main.py
```

### Tasks
- [X] search.py for searching on the api
- [ ] main.py for user in
- [ ] interact.py for interacting with the api
  - [ ] create annotation has issues
- [ ] web.py general genius web info
- [ ] save.py for saving prefrences(lyrics and song info, artist_info)
- [ ] autentication page
- [ ] requests should retry about 5 times of it encounters an error

### Contributors
@BlankGodd

Commit message:

from interact import Interact.voting (lol)

README.md, after:

# BLyrics :notes: 
```
Building still under construction 
Please do **NOT** enter yet! 
```
Leveraging the Genius api for search and update purposes

A CLI tool for interacting with Genius

## Screeenshots
- 
- 

## API functions include
1. Getting infomation 
   - Songs :sound:
   - Artists :sunglasses:
   - Lyrics :memo:

2. Personal account usage
   - Getting and providing user review on songs
     - Viewing annotations :pushpin:
     - Posting annotations :black_nib:
   - Performing user actions
     - Voting :+1: or :-1:
     - Getting account information :bowtie:
     - Saving prefrences :zap:

## Requirements
1. Python3 
2. Terminal
3. [Requirements](requirements.txt)
4. An open mind

## Usage
1. Clone the repository
```
$ git clone 'https://github.com/BlankGodd/BLyrics.git'

$ cd BLyrics
```

2. Install the dependencies
```
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Run script 
```
$ python3 main.py
```

### Tasks
- [X] search.py for searching on the api
- [ ] main.py for user in
- [ ] interact.py for interacting with the api
  - [ ] create annotation, voting has issues (issue with authentication and scope)
- [ ] web.py general genius web info
- [ ] save.py for saving prefrences(lyrics and song info, artist_info)
- [ ] autentication . account_info and entry page
- [ ] requests should retry about 5 times of it encounters an error

### Contributors
@BlankGodd
